Chat: describe API (#6640)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/user.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies a current chat user (to the right).

Reviewer: There can only be one "current" user. So it should be "the user". 

```suggestion
Specifies the current chat user (messages displayed on the right side).
```

---

> This property has the following limitations for the current user:

Reviewer: I wouldn't call those items "limitations". A limitation would not allow me to do something. But we seem to allow developers to do what they need to do. Even more, if they didn't specify what's needed, we generate it for them. 

```suggestion
This property value, or its part, may be specified automatically:
```

> - If you do not specify this property, the user is created with default settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you do not specify this property, the component creates a user with default settings.
```

> - If you assign an object to this property without an id, the id is autogenerated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you assign an object without an ID to this property, an ID is autogenerated.
```
